Copy edit pass (#73)
ember-learn/super-rentals-tutorial: src/chapters/03-automated-testing.md

ember server
```

> In this chapter, you will use Ember's built-in testing framework to test your app, and in the process, you will learn about:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this chapter, you will use Ember's built-in testing framework to write some automated tests for your app, and in the process, you will learn about:
```
